Define path-to-referenced-charts target in Makefile files. (#2850)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/README.md

- Elements which are essential for the installation of `core` components in Kyma, such as certificates, users, and permissions
- Examples of the use of specific components
- Scripts for the installation of Helm, Istio deployment, as well as scripts for validating Pods, starting Kyma, and testing

## Development

> Every component, test, or tool in the `kyma` repository contains a Makefile. A Makefile is used to build an image of a given component and to push it to the external repository. Every time you create a new component, ensure that its Makefile contains a path to the `values.yaml` file which informs about the actual component image version used in Kyma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every component, test, or tool in the `kyma` repository contains a Makefile. A Makefile is used to build an image of a given component and to push it to the external repository. Every time you create a new component, test, or tool, ensure that its Makefile contains a path to the `values.yaml` file which informs about the actual image version used in Kyma.
```

- Elements which are essential for the installation of `core` components in Kyma, such as certificates, users, and permissions
- Examples of the use of specific components
- Scripts for the installation of Helm, Istio deployment, as well as scripts for validating Pods, starting Kyma, and testing

## Development

> Each component, test or tool from Kyma repository whose image is used in Kyma contains Makefile. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every component, test, or tool in the `kyma` repository contains a Makefile. A Makefile is used to build an image of a given component and to push it to the external repository. Every time you create a new component, ensure that its Makefile contains a path to the `values.yaml` file which informs about the actual component image version used in Kyma.
```

Makefile is used to build image component and push it to the external repository. 
Makefile has to also contains command which return path to `values.yaml` file localization with version of the actual image is used in Kyma.

> Here is example of command in Makefile for `service-binding-usage-controller`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, add this entry to the Makefile:
```

```
.PHONY: path-to-referenced-charts
path-to-referenced-charts:

>     @echo "resources/service-catalog-addons"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    @echo "{path to the referenced charts}"
```

Reviewer: Maybe it would be a good idea to make it more generic?

```

> The command shows path to `values.yaml` file where version of component used in Kyma is set:

Reviewer: Remove.

Here is example of file `resources/service-catalog-addons/`

```

> global:

Reviewer: Remove.

  containerRegistry:
    path: eu.gcr.io/kyma-project
  istio:
    gateway:
      name: kyma-gateway
  service_binding_usage_controller:
    dir: develop/
    version: d1930a3d
```

> Version is localized under the key `global.<name_of_component>.version`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version of the actual component image is located under the **global.{name_of_component}.version** property. 
```

> `name_of_component` is the directory name of component where dashes are replace by undercourses. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**{name_of_component}** is a directory name of the component where dashes are replaced by underscores. 
```

> For exmaple component directory `service-binding-usage-controller` is changed to `service_binding_usage_controller`

Reviewer: Remove.
